Review PR: Proposed text for subsampled coordinates (#1)
erget/cf-conventions: conformance.adoc

  text: **`tie_point_variable: [tie_point_variable: ...]
  interpolation_variable`**. Each **`tie_point_variable`** token
  specifies a tie point variable that must exist in the file, and each
  **`interpolation_variable`** token specifies an interpolation
  variable that must exist in the file.

* The tie point variables associated with each
  **`interpolation_variable`** token must all span the same
  dimensions, which comprise a subset of zero or more dimensions of
  the parent data variable with the addition of at least one tie point
  interpolation dimension identified by the **`tie_point_dimensions`**
  attribute. A tie point variable must not span both a tie point
  interpolation dimension and its corresponding interpolation
  dimension, as defined by the **`tie_point_dimensions`** mapping.

* An interpolation variable must have one of the string-valued
  attributes **`interpolation_name`** or
  **`interpolation_description`**, but not both. The legal values for
  the **`interpolation_name`** attribute are contained in Appendix J.

* When attached to an interpolation variable, the type of the
  **`interpolation_parameters`** attribute is a string whose value is

>   list of blank separated word pairs in the form **`term: var`**. The
>   legal values **`term`** are contained in Appendix J for each valid
>   **`interpolation_name`**. The values of **`var`** must be
>   interpolation parameter variables that exist in the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  list of blank separated word pairs in the form **`term: var`**. If 
  the interpolation variable has an **``interpolation_name``**
  attribute with a valid value, then the legal values for **`term`**
  are listed in the section of Appendix J dedicated to the
  interpolation method identified by the
  **``interpolation_name``** attribute. The values of **`var`**
  must be interpolation parameter variables that exist in the file.
```

Reviewer 2: Hi @davidhassell, I support this change from Sylvain. Would you agree?
